Now we're ready to finalize the great service implementation.
The next step is to delete a student's grade based on whatever course that you're taking.
So inside of the grade repository, we can define a specialized method from which GPA is going to generate
a statement.
So another acceptable action that we can define is delete by.
And we're going to be deleting by the student ID as well as the course ID.
All right.
And back inside my great service implementation, I can say great repository, dot delete by student
ID and course ID inside my handler method.
I can delete that grade.
So here I will say great service.
Delete grade.
Think we're ready to test it out?
So what I'll do?
Let me reconnect.
And what I'm going to do is give Neville an A-minus in charms.
So Neville would be the student with an idea for charms as an idea of one.
So I'll create a grade four and one.
Let's give him an A minus.
Let's test it out.
Everything's good.
Let me update his grade to an A-plus for one.
A-plus.
Now.
Neville should have an A-plus.
Okay, let me delete the grade that has a student ID of four and of course, ID of one.
And it says there is no transaction available for current thread.
So the deletion because it requires a database access, it needs to be part of a transaction.
Now what we never had to worry about this for the other methods that also require database access because
they are by default transactional but for the specialized delete action.
We need to add the transactional annotation to ensure that this action is part of our newly created
transaction.
Let's try it out now.
I'm going to create that same grade for Neville.
Going to delete his grid and it works perfectly.
This error that you just saw, it's actually commonly known to happen among the delete by specialized
methods.
The accepted solution is to just give it the transactional annotation to make sure that it is part of
a transaction when that is trying to access the database.
All right.
The next thing I want to do is set up a query that returns a list of grades based on a student ID find
by student ID.
And back inside of my grade service implementation, I can say great repository.
Dot.
Fine by student ID.
Then I can go back to my grade controller, update the handler method grade service dot get student
grades.
So this will get all the grades for a particular students.
And back inside of my grade repository.
I'm going to create another query, but this one is going to find all the grades based on a course ID.
All right, let me just make sure everything's good.
We are good.
I'll go back to my great service implementation.
I will update this to be great repository defined by course ID and this one is fairly simple.
Greater repository.
Find all this returns and enter a bull which I'm going to typecast to a list.
And I'll update my handler method back over to.
Sorry, to my great controller.
Here, I'll say.
Great service.
Do not get coarse grades.
And here I'll say great service, Dot.
Get all grades.
All right.
With the final line of code, I am proud to announce that we're done implementing our API.
We still have to do exception handling in the next workbook, but as far as the functionality goes,
we have implemented all of it and let's put it to the test.
So first, what I'm going to do is I will submit.
Four grades for Harry.
So I'll give him an A-plus and a minus in the first course.
I'll give him an A minus in the second course.
What the heck?
And a minus in the third.
And then a minus in the fourth.
I will give whoever.
Number two is Ron Weasley a C-plus in the first course.
A C-minus in the second.
And a D-minus in the third.
I will give her a mini.
An A-plus and everything.
All right.
And I will give.
Neville.
A B-plus and everything.
More.
I've.
And six.
All right.
The first request I need to test is, am I able to read all of the student grades for Harry?
All right, let me just validate against my database.
Okay.
So Harry has a minuses in four courses and here we can see that it sent back a minuses in four courses.
Let me get all the grades for Ron.
Run as a C plus in charm C minus and defense against the dark arts and a D minus in HERBOLOGY.
And that is exactly what we see over here.
These are Ron's grades, C plus C minus and D minus in the following classes.
So I can rest assured that get student grades is working fine.
What about course grades?
So here it seems that charms should have four grades associated with it.
One A minus one C plus one A plus one B plus.
Let's check that out.
Beautiful.
A minus C plus, A plus, B plus.
Exactly what is seen in our database.
Let's read all of the grades.
Here we see 17 grades.
And back here we also see 17 grades and that is all the last thing we have to do is apply some constraints
to our grade entity.
We'll do that in the next lesson, followed by exception handling, and then we'll be done implementing
our rest API.
All right.
See you soon.